Update notebooks quotes (#448)
BuildingSync/schema: docs/notebooks/bsync_examples/Small-Office-Level-1.md

# Create a new TimeSeries element for Electricity
jan_elec = bsync.TimeSeries(ID="TS-Example")

# a ReadingType of "Total" signifies a summation / integral over the time period specified
jan_elec += bsync.ReadingType("Total")

> # A TimeSeriesReadingQuantity isn"t necessary for timeseries specific to a ResourceUse since we will "point back to"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A TimeSeriesReadingQuantity isn't necessary for timeseries specific to a ResourceUse since we will "point back to"
```
